Id	EssaySet	essay_score	essay_score	EssayText
0	3	3	3	A panda and a koala beer are similar because they both eat one type of food. A panda eats bamboo, and a Koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves. They are also both specialists, but a python is a generalist. Meaning they can adapt to their surroundings. Pandas and koala beers can't adapt.
1	3	3	3	Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialist species. They both require specific resources and climate to survive. These limits them to only their natural habitats. This makes pandas and koalas much different than pythons. Pythons are generalists and can survive in many different places. That is why pythons are being found naturally in Florida but not koalas or pandas.
3	3	3	3	"""Well in China a specialist is a panda who eats almost nothing but bamboo and the Australian koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves all the time. They're both different form pythons because pythons can eat anything and can almost survive anywhere. """"A python swallowed an alligator..."""" They'll eat anything but the panda and the koala stick with what they know which is the bamboo and the eucalyptus leaves."""
4	3	3	3	"""Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialist. """"A specialist is China's panda, which eats almost nothing but bamboo, or Australia's koala bear, which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively"""". They both rely on specific food sources that are found only in certain areas. This differs from the pythons who can thrive in many different environments and have a more varied diet."""
5	3	3	3	Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they can only survive in very special climates with specific food sources. These are different from pythons because pythons can adapt better and eat many different things. This is shown in the map provided with the article because it shows pythons could survive in 17 states.
6	3	3	3	Pandas in China, and koalas in Australia are similar because they both are specialists. So they have to stay in specific habitats to survive. Pythons are generalists, they can move anywhere and adapt to their surroundings to survive. In the article it says that the pandas mostly eat bamboo and koalas mostly eat eucalyptus leaves.
7	3	3	3	The pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because both species live in only one area around the world. Also both just eat one type off food like bamboo and eucalyptus leaves. But both pandas and koalas are different than the python because a python can eat many foods and live in different areas around the world.
9	3	3	3	Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar for they are both specialists species, meaning that they are stable creatures who live the same lifestyle. For example they eat only bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively. They both are different from the python because the python is a generalist species. That means that it is able to adapt to changes. It can eat a variety of things, it can change.
10	3	3	3	Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are specialists, meaning they require one certain food and environment to survive. Pythons are generalists, who aren't very specific in what they eat. This means that they can adapt very easily to new environments, whereas, specialists cannot.
14	3	3	3	"""Pandas are both similar because on the article it talks about them being """"specialist"""" and how they solely survive on one food sources. Panda has bamboo while koalas has eucalyptus. They are both different from pythons because a python is a generalist and can live in different warm environments and as the article said rat, mice, aligator and anything in between."""
17	3	3	3	Pandas in China are similar to koalas in Australia because they are both specialists. They both only eat one type of food each. Pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves. These animals are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists, which can adapt to eating the native species, unlike the panda or koala
28	3	3	3	The panda in China and the koala from Australia are both considered specialists. This is because in order to survive they need a stable environment. The panda eats only bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves. This differs from the python which is a generalist. The python doesn't need only one thing to live off of because it is able to adapt.
29	3	3	3	Just like koala bears in Australia, panda bears are specialists, this means they can easily adapt to only a certain type of environment and they eat mostly one type of food. China's panda ''eats almost nothing but bamboo'' and Australia's koala bear ''eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively''(pg 5). These animals are both different from pythons because pythons eat a variety of foods and can live in many types of environments. Thus pythons are generalists, not specialists.
44	3	3	3	"""Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are specialists and only eat one food. They are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists. The python can live almost anywhere and eat a variety of things. Pandas can only eat, """"nothing but bamboo"""", and koalas can only,"""" eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively."""
47	3	3	3	Pandas in China and koalas in Australia are similar because they are both specialist. They both usually only eat one kind of food: bamboo for pandas and eucalyptus leaves for koalas. If these animals were taken from their food source chances are they would die. This is not like pythons, however pythons when given a mild to warm climate to live in, will adapt to the in surrounding and food would not a factor, As long as there are animals in their environment, pythons will have food. However pythons for the moment are not suitable fro colder climates.
50	3	3	3	Pandas in China are similar to Koala in Australia because they both only eat food type of food in their natural habitat. They are both different from pythons because pythons just need to have  the right climate to survive  and they will adapt to the different food. For example Pandas only eat bamboo but a python will eat anything.
