Id	EssaySet	essay_score	essay_score	EssayText
0	4	3	3	"""The word """"invasive"""" means intruding. Invasive species, like the python in the everglades are beginning to threat native species. They are new animals that threat biodiversity. These animals can cause animals to become extinct and are generalist so they can adapt to different environments and affect other people and organism's in and existence."""
1	4	3	3	"""The word, """"invasive"""" plays a very important role in the article. Biologists, such as Skip Snow claim that these reptilian species of pythons and lizards are """"invasive"""". This conclusion was reached by their adaptability to multiple environments and disrupting the ecosystems. However, some such as RobRay MacInnes, argue otherwise, """"Invasive is the rod of the controversy over these reptiles."""
3	4	3	3	"""In this article, the word """"invasive"""" means animals that have taken over area, unchecked by natural predators, that are major threats to biodiversity. For example, the article says that the pythons in Florida are imperiling five endangered species. This could lead to an unbalance in the enviroment. Invasive animals could also stretch their habitat to a larger area."""
6	4	3	3	"""The significance of the word """"invasive"""" to the rest of the article is it describes how species such as pythons are slowly taking over with the aid of a human. The title """"One Man's Pet Another's Invasive Species"""" symbolizes the perception of the situation. While some owners of reptiles see it as no problems others are realizing that there adaptable creatures areableto invade others including our own species if we give them the chance."""
23	4	3	3	"""Invasive is used in this article as a negative term for foreign animals who invade places they aren't native to. However, the question is raised on whether or not these animals really are causing harm to their new home, and whether or not they are invasive. This article is basically, a discussion of whether or not these foreign animals are causing harm, and whether or not they're """"invasive."""""""
