Id	EssaySet	essay_score	essay_score	EssayText
0	7	3	3	Rose is thoughtful and caring.  She has plenty of topics or activities in her life that she could be complaining about; however she puts others before herself.       For example in the story Aunt Kolab asks Rose if the work she does to help the family 'weighs her down'.  Rose did not want to tell her the truth because she did not want to hurt her aunt.  Therefore, one can see Rose cares about others emotions and can be characterized as thoughtful.
1	7	3	3	One trait that describes Rose is understanding. When she was talking to Anna, Anna was saying that she is lonesome for Papa and that it feels like he has been gone for years. Rose understands that even though it hurts his family emotionally, Papa had to take the job in Los Angeles to give his family a better life. She says to Anna that it has only been four months since he left and that he gets paid three times what he was making there.
2	7	3	3	Based on her conversation with Anna, Rose comes across as understanding. She explains to Anna that even though it's hard on them, they each have their part to do for the family in order to help during difficult times. This shows that she understands the families struggles and realizes they need her help. Even though she feels slight resentment for this, she surpresses these feelings while explaining the situation to Anna because she understands thatn the family needs them to help out.
3	7	3	3	Rose is a very optimistic person. In her conversation with Anna, Rose always looks at things as if they were for the better and that they will have a good outcome. When they are talking about their father who moved away to get a better job Anna is complaing about how they never get to see him anymore but Rose is looking at it from the other point of view, that he did it to get more money to help support his family and to send his girls to college.
4	7	3	3	she is caring she doesnt want to tell her aunt because she is  afraid she is going to make her feel bad.
6	7	3	3	In the story Rose is a very giving person. She tries to help pay for her brothers college and do an essay to receive a prize. She works all the time just to help her brother. That is why she is a very giving person.
8	7	3	3	One trait that can describe Rose based on her conversations is that she is caring. Rose cares for her sister and family, even to the point where she will hide her true feelings to make her sister feel better. When Rose was having a converstaion with Anna, she spoke gentely trying to word her sentences to make it seem that it was not that big of deal that their dad was gone. Based on her converstation with Anna, Rose seems to be a thoughtful and caring person.
9	7	3	3	Rose is a caring person.  In paragraph 4, when Anna wakes up from having a bad dream, Rose tries her best to comfort her sister.  She speaks in a gentle voice, so as not to increase the despair that her younger sister is feeling. While speaking to Anna, Rose displays this specific character trait.  Anna was not completely satisfied with Rose's answer, but she still was able to go back to sleep.  In this, I think Rose shows the readers that she is indeed a caring person.
10	7	3	3	Rose is caring. The part where her aunt asks her is she feels weighed down because of her family, Rose did not want to answer because she felt it would hurt her Aunts feelings.
11	7	3	3	Caring 'Anna' 'what's wrong ?' 'you feel ok?'
14	7	3	3	Rose is caring, she says her and her sister have a part to do to help Paul finish college.
17	7	3	3	One trait that can describe Rose is that she cares for the well being of others. She doesn't want to hurt others so she watchs what she says and is respectful. An example of this is when Rose is talkin with Aunt Kolab in the kitchen and her aunt asks her if she feels 'weighed down' by all she is doing. Rose being nice and not wanting to hurt her aunts feelings didn't give her an answer. Then her aunt realized that the family relies heavily on her and tries to make it easier on her.
18	7	3	3	One trait that can describe Rose based on her conversation with Aunt Kolab is caring. When Rose is talking to Aunt Kolab she doesn't tell her the truth because she doesn't want to hurt her aunt's feelings. This shows that Rose is a caring person.
19	7	3	3	Rose is hard working. She fell asleep while working on her essay.
22	7	3	3	Rose seems to be worried about Anna because she comes in the kitchens and immediately asks Anna 'Whats wrong? You feel okay?'
23	7	3	3	She is caring. In the story she wants to tell her aunt how she feels but it said that she didn't because she didn't want to hurt her aunt.
24	7	3	3	rose is resposible. for the way she trys to take care of her sister and does alot of work for the family.
26	7	3	3	One Trait that shows how Rose is as a person is that she is very mature. She works alot to help pay their way in this country. While she works she still keeps up on school work and helps her aunt cook for the family.
29	7	3	3	That Rose was kind and didn't want to hurt anyone. In the passage Rase said to her self that ' If she told the truth, she would hurt her aunt.'
37	7	3	3	I think that one trait of Rose that i picked up from her conversations is that she is very hard working. She shook her head yes to her aunts question of the situation being difficult for her. She knows it is difficult and she knows that the outcome of her work will be better for her and her sister, but yet she still works reallyhard to get her brother to college. That shows me that she is definitaly a hard worker because she is doing it so she can go on and work even harder to get to where she wants to be in life.
41	7	3	3	She is caring. She asks her sister whats wrong when she walks in rubbing her eyes.
43	7	3	3	Rose is caring. We know this because in paragraph 4-6, Rose is very concerned about the well-being of her younger sister. She asks her what's wrong and if she is feeling okay.
44	7	3	3	Rose, although feeling pressured, doesn't want to make things harder on anyone or to hurt anyone. She is considerate to others feelings. This trait is revealed in the conversation Anna had with her Aunt Kolab when her aunt asks Rose if she feels weighed down by all that she is doing for the family and Rose doesn't say anything for fear that it would hurt her aunt.
48	7	3	3	When Rose is talking to her sister, Anna she tries to look at the bright side of things. She tries to get her sister to think positive about the situations in their family. Rose tries to get her to see that everything the others in her family are doing is going to help them out in the long run. Rose says 'It's only been four months, He had to go. The job in Los Angeles paid three times what he was making here.' When Anna starts to get negative Rose tells her that they have to support their brother, Paul, and he will support them in the future. Rose has a positive attitude.
61	7	3	3	She is hopeful. In her conversation with Anna she says, 'We have do to our part to help Paul finish college. Then he'll get a good job and he'll pay for you and me to go to college.'. She is hoping and trusting that Paul will do well in college.
90	7	3	3	Rose is a caring person. She wants her family to be well of and live a good life. She did not want to hurt her aunt by telling her that she felt weighed down by all she does. Rose was trying to calm her sister when she was sulking about missing their father. I see Rose as a caring girl.
108	7	3	3	She is very sincere and thinks about other people's and cares about other people's feelings. Rose didn't answer. If she told the truth, she would hurt her aunt.
