Id	EssaySet	essay_score	essay_score	EssayText
0	8	3	3	Paul finds out that Mr. Leonard was a track star but he could not read. 'No school wanted a runner who couldn't read.' Paul listened to Mr. Leonard about his past and realized that is was similiar to his present. Paul decided that because Mr. Leonard had helped him with track that he needed to help Mr. Leonard out with his reading. 'C'mon, Mr. Leonard, it's time to start your training.'
2	8	3	3	It shows that even if you cant read, just like Mr. Leonard, it dosent mean that you should stop trying in life. Just like when he went to college but lost his scholarship because he couldn't read, that didnt stop him from breaking records on the field. So it just showed Paul that he shouldn't give up just because something gets hard in life.
3	8	3	3	When Paul recieved the background information on Mr. Leonard he saw a connection between them. That is why later in the story they decid to start training together, and since they both struggle with reading they can be better friends in understand what they are going through.
4	8	3	3	Mr. Leonard isnt a good reader and so he tells paul he broke records in college but he couldnt read that good so it helped paul understand that it is good to learn how to read and over come obsticables
5	8	3	3	In knowing Mr. Leonard's background information, Paul feels like the two can relate now. After Mr. Leonard tells Paul about his inability to read, Paul states 'The emotions in Mr. Leonard's words were all too familiar to me.' This statement supports the fact that Paul feels empathy for Mr. Leonard because the two of them have experienced the same struggle in school.
7	8	3	3	The backrground information that Paul finds out about Mr. Leonard has a good effect on him.  When he finds out that Mr. Leonard was a good athlete, but did not finish college it gave Paul hope.  He realized why Mr. Leonard was so interested in helping him better himself.  Mr. Leonard helped Paul excel, and feel like he was worth something.  So Paul felt as if he had to give a favor in return.  So he began teaching Mr. Leonard how to read.
8	8	3	3	The background information that Paul gets about Mr. Leonard shocks him. He sees that Mr. Leonard was an amazing hurdler, and he didn't even tell him about it. Paul asks 'Why didn't you tell me about this?' and he got an unexpected answer.
9	8	3	3	The backgroung information made a similar emotional feeling come back to his mind.  This feeling was the way he felt when he was in fromt of other students and wasn't sure of an answer or couldn't read a passage.  'The emotions in Mr. Leonard's words were all too familiar to me,' supports the my opinion that Paul knows how Mr. Leonard feels.  The effect of Mr. Leonard's background information made Paul choose to help Mr. Leonard in reading, just as he had helped Paul overcome the obstacle of jumpin hurdles.  This is shown in this passage from the story, 'This man had given his time to help me excel at something.  Suddenly I realized what I could do for him.'
10	8	3	3	The information Paul finds about Mr. Leonard on the website is surprising to him.  He found out that Mr. Leonard also had, and still does, trouble reading.  Mr. Leonard was a great hurdler in college and flunked out of school because he could not read.       Paul finds this to be surprising.  He feels empowered to help Mr. Leonard to learn how to read, since Mr. Leonard has helped him learn to jump hurdles and get pass obstacles, like not being able to read very well or at all.
11	8	3	3	It shows Paul that Mr. Leonard has gone through alot of the same obstacles that Paul has in life.  He emotionally talks about how he had gone to college on a track and field scholarship but flunked out because he couldn't read, and that really affected Paul because he knew that feeling all too well. Paul was having to go to a learning center to read so he knew exactly what Mr. Leonard went through.
13	8	3	3	He was a good athlete but he wasnt such a good student. Mr.Leonard relied on his friends to help him get by. He related to him because he was embarrased when he got called to read aloud. It doesnt really effect the back ground so much
14	8	3	3	The background information helps Paul relate to Mr. Leonard. Neither of them can read and they are both good at sports.
15	8	3	3	After Paul finds out the background information on Mr.Leonard he is curious on why he is still not an athlete. He is also curious on why he didnt finish college. But just like Paul Mr. Leonard can not read. Paul can feel the emotions that Mr. Leonard is feeling. Paul knew them well because he knew what it felt like to be called upon to read aloud or when he didnt know the answer like everyone else. Just like Mr.Leonard help Paul training in becoming a great fast runner, Paul is taking Mr.Leonard to the center learning center.
16	8	3	3	The effect it had on paul was to want to help Mr. Leonard with his reading ability.'Soon I realized what I could do for him.'C'mon,Mr. Leonared,'I said, walking back toward school.'It's time to start your training.'
17	8	3	3	During the story, Paul finds out that Mr. Leonard was an athlete who didn't go far due to his poor reading skills. This information, made Paul feel more comfortable because he became aware that Mr. Leonard had the same problem that he has. They're both good athletes who have trouble reading.
18	8	3	3	When Paul found out about Mr. Leonard's background it was all to familiar to Paul. Paul said in the story that he knew the emotions in Mr. Leonard's words to well, feelings of embarrassment when called to read aloud, or when he didn't know an answer everyone else did know.
20	8	3	3	The effect it has on paul, is to motivating. Paul learned that Mr. Leonard was a great track runner in college. Paul is motivated because Mr. Leonard had the same problems Paul is sturggling with.
22	8	3	3	The information made paul want to become a better athlete and reader. 'feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didnt know an answer everyone else knew.'(line 46-48) This shows how Paul could relate to Mr. Leonard after he told about his past.
23	8	3	3	He finds out that Mr. Leonard is actually a track star, and he also can't read very well. In some ways they are very much alike, because Paul can't read very well either, but he is trained to be a great athlete. By finding out more about Mr. Leonard, Paul is able to compare himself to him in a 'role model' sort of way. Maybe with Mr. Leonard's help Paul will be inclined and encouraged to try and succeed in ways that Mr. Leonard couldn't.
24	8	3	3	He was suprised that Mr. Leonard was a track star in college and that even though he was a teacher he flunked ou of college.
25	8	3	3	When Paul learns that Mr. Leonard was a talented track star he is suprised and confused.  Then it is clear why Mr. Leonard took interest in Paul, and that is because he can relate to him.  Paul realizes this and connects them with a bond.  This bond is that neither of them can read well, and when Paul sees this, he decides to act, instead of being told what to do.
28	8	3	3	Paul learns that Mr. Leonard was a poor reader just as Paul is. Paul now feels like he can accomplish great things if he works hard at them. Then, at the end he returns him a favor by helping Mr. Leonard become a better reader.
29	8	3	3	Paul seemed shocked that Mr. Leonard never told him that he was an awesome runner. But was shocked to find out that Mr. Leonard never could read. I feel like Paul feels better knowing that Mr. Leonard couldn't read either, and that he wants to help Mr. Leonard out by teaching him how to read better. Just like Mr. Leonard did by helping him get on the track team. I think Paul found out at a good time, because I feel like that if Paul knew that from the beginning he would never actually try to learn to run with Mr. Leonard.
30	8	3	3	he is surprised that Mr. Leonard flunked out of college. He was suspicious, so he decide to ask Mr. Leonard. When he did, he found out that Mr. Leonard couldn't read.
34	8	3	3	When Paul finds out that Mr. Leonard was a college freshman who won the 400 meter hurdles at the nationals, he is suprised that Mr. Leonard had made such an achievement in his past. In return to Mr. Leonard helping him, Paul now wants to help Mr. Leonard learn to read since this is the reason he flunked out of college.
35	8	3	3	Paul finds out that Mr. leonard is a poorp reader just like himself and I think Mr. leonard flunking out of college will push Paul to do better in reading.
37	8	3	3	Paul finds out that Mr. Leonard was just like him, Mr. Leonard couldn't read well either.
38	8	3	3	Paul is shocked that Mr. Leonard never told him and he wants to know why. Then he realizes Mr. Leonard was trying to help him achieve something and he was very grateful and felt that he should do the same for him.
39	8	3	3	Paul started to wonder about himself after Mr. Leonard told him about how he couldn't read and that he relied on his friends to help him through high school. Paul started to relize that he was going down the same path that his teacher was going through when he was younger. So, Paul decides to teach his teacher how to read once and for all.
42	8	3	3	After Paul learns about Mr. Leonard's past he feels that he can better relate to Mr. Leonard because they are both inable to read. Knowing that Mr. Leonard had flunked out of college even though he was a major 400 meter sprinter really let Paul understand the seriousness of working hard and learning to be all that you could be. He learned that he had to be determined no matter how discouraging the lack of reading skills truly is.
44	8	3	3	The effect that the background information has on Paul is that he is amazed that Mr. Leonard was a hurdle runner.  In fact he won the 400 meter hurdles at the nationals and borke many of records.  After hearing this Paul wanted to help train him with his reading.
46	8	3	3	He understands why he was helping him out with the hurdles. It was like his obstacle in school when he didn't know how to read, but his friends helped him out through school and the learning center for Paul was like Mr. Leonards friends. But once he got to college his friends weren't there to help him out anymore. Mr. Leonard wants Paul to go onto college and make records and do what he wanted to do when he was in colloege but couldn't because he couldn't read and thats what made him drop out.
47	8	3	3	Paul is proud that the man who has been coaching him is a great athlete himself but wonders why he never ran after his freshman year. He then wants to coach Mr. Leonard in reading like Mr. Leonard coached him in track.
48	8	3	3	Paul knew exactly how Mr. Leonard felt about not knowing how to read. Paul felt the embarrassment he felt when he had read aloud infront of the class, or having to answer questions he didn't know the answer too.
49	8	3	3	Mr. Leonard's background effects Paul because it realizes that he he is a lot like his self.  Mr. Leonard had reading problems when he was around Pauls age and he was usually picked last for sports.  That is when he found hurdles.
52	8	3	3	Paul is concerned that Mr. Leonard didn't tell Paul about his track career before. When he asks Mr. Leonard about it he finds that Mr. Leonard can't read either. He sees that even though Mr. Leonard can't read he still had a great accomplishement. This gives Paul hope that he can be good at something too.
59	8	3	3	Paul is a younger version of Mr. Leonard when he was a high school student. He saw that Mr. Leonard achieved by training for the hurdles, but he didn't have enough courage to learn to read. He wanted to become something in life like Mr. Leonard and after the information he found out he decided that school work was very important. He also decided that Mr. Leonard did him a favor, so he will teach him how to read in return.
75	8	3	3	Paul feels he can relate to Mr. Leonard. Paul knows how if feels to not be able to read. He knows how it feels to be embarrassed when called upon to read aloud. Also, he knows how it feels to not know the answer that everyone else knew.
78	8	3	3	Paul was surprised to find out that Mr. Leonard had, at one time, run track. This is evident in paragraph 35 line two when Paul pulls the printout from his pocket and asks, 'Why didn't you tell me about this?' Paul also began to relate to Mr. Leonard after Mr. Leonard told him that he also couldn't read. This fact can be found in paragraph 45 lines 2 through 4 when Paul said, 'I knew them well---feelings of embarrassment when I was called upon to read aloud or when I didn't know an answer everyone else knew.' Finally, Paul felt that he should be kind and help Mr. Leonard learn to read, just as Mr. Leonard had helped him learn to jump hurdles. The final paragraph reads, 'C'mon, Mr. Leonard,' I said, walking back toward school. 'It's time to start your training.'
80	8	3	3	The background information that Paul discovers about Mr. Leonard helps Paul realize that Mr. Leonard is trying to help Paul in life, because no one helped Mr. Leonard. Instead of just letting Paul continually struggle through life and not have anyone to help him Mr. Leonard steps up and gives Paul what Mr. Leonard himself never had.
94	8	3	3	He felt familiar with the emotions of embarrrassment that Mr. Leonard felt. Paul was grateful that Mr. Leonard had given his time to help him succeed at something. He wanted to show respect and help Mr. Leonard do something too. He wanted to help him learn to read.
111	8	3	3	Paul had no idea that Mr. Leonard was such a famous track star. He was in shock when he found out tht Mr. Leonard had won so many trophy's and that he won the 400 meter in hurddles.
114	8	3	3	During the story, the readers gets backround information about Mr. Leonard. The backround information effected Paul because they both had things in common. They both couldn't read well. The response with details from the story include: The emotions in Mr. Leonard's words were all too familiar to me. I knew them well-feelings of embarrassment when I was called upon to read aloud or when I didn't know an answer everyone else knew.
119	8	3	3	The background information about Mr. Leonard affects Paul by making him want to help Mr. Leonard with reading like he had helped Paul with running.  Paul had experienced some of the same things that Mr. Leonard described from college.
162	8	3	3	Paul was shock to find out the Mr.Leonard broke records back in his college years. He won the 400 meter hurdles at the natuonals, but drop out of college. Mr.Leonard had trouble reading and end up losing his scholarship and flunked out of college. Paul wanted to help out Mr.Leonard, just like Mr.Leonard help him out.
205	8	3	3	It shows Paul that no matter what, you need to learn to do things your own self and that no matter how hard the obsticle is, you put all your effort and practice and you will get better. Mr. Leonard didn't know how to read and he found out the hard way that you can't relay on anyone, you will have to learn by yourself. Pual finds out about Mr. Leonard and figures out that all he wants to do is to help Pual to become better and learn  about hard times that he has had in the past and he does not want Pual to have the same problem he did.
234	8	3	3	When Paul discovers Mr. Leonard's past track excellence, he becomes inquisitive, then empithetic.  Paul's natural curiosity is demonstrated by his confronting Mr. Leonard about the startling information he discovered online.  His continued curiosity is demonstrated through his continual questioning and prying such as in '`But you went to college,'' and 'I pressed'.' Paul later becomes empethetic when he offers to 'train' Mr. Leonard how to read and when Paul states ' The emotions in Mr. Leonards voice were all to familiar to [Paul].'  When Paul confronts Mr. Leonard, his natural curiosity turns to empathy.
841	8	3	3	The information he egt inspires him to teach Mr. Leonard to read just as he tought him to do hurdles.
