Id	EssaySet	essay_score	essay_score	EssayText
0	1	3	3	You would need many more pieces of information to replicate the experiment. You would need the type of samples to begin with in the procedure. You would also need to know the amount of vinegar used in each container. You would also need to know exactly how to mass the samples and what types of container to use (plastic for example, might alter the results).
1	1	3	3	Some additional information you will need are the material. You also need to know the size of the contaneir to measure how the acid rain effected it. You need to know how much vineager is used for each sample. Another thing that would help is to know how big the sample stones are by measureing  the best possible way.
2	1	3	3	The additional infomation you would need to replicate the experiment would include the size of the samples. Also you would need to know the kind of vinegar. In a ddition it is crucial to get the same type and size containers.
4	1	3	3	In order for the me to replicate their procedure, I would need to know what four samples they used, they should include that in their procedure. Also they should stay  where you are to put the four containers during the 24 hour time period finally, they should include what type of vinegar or what brand so that when i were to do this experiment, I would in as close to what they actually did, and therefore would be able to replicate the experiment.
5	1	3	3	For this experiments duplication, you would need to know exactly how much vinegar was used in each cup. You would also have to know how big in size each container was. Additionally, you would need to know the size of each sample, to assure that you could place them in the cups evenly.
6	1	3	3	For this experiment, you would actually need to know what each ''sample'' is, the amount of vinegar that was used and the size of each ''sample''
7	1	3	3	To replicate the experiment I would need to know the samples that I will be using. I would also need to know how much vinegar to use. I would also need to know what type of containers to use.
8	1	3	3	In order to replicate this experiment:you would need to know the amount of vinegar to pour in the container. You also need to know what to pe of coniainer to pour the vinegar in. Also, you need to know how much or how long to rinse the samples with distilled water.
9	1	3	3	After reading the procedure i would  first need to know what the for sample are that i am testing second i ^p would need to know how much vinegar put in each container next the procedure should tell me how thing to case rinse each sample in distiled water.
10	1	3	3	Determine what the different samples are, then state how much vinegar you would be adding to each sample. State how long you are rising the materials in water. (ex 5 minutes)
14	1	3	3	1.A list of materials and safety requirements. ^p 2.The amount of vinegar to put in the containers. ^p 3.The temperature of the room/vineger ^p 4.A control group.
20	1	3	3	In order to replicate the experiment you would need to know how much vinegar to pour into each container. You would need to know how long to rinse each sample with distilled water and using how much water. You would also need to know how they determined the masses of the samples both in the beginning and end of the experiment, and they exact size of the containers that the samples are being placed in.
24	1	3	3	First you would need to know what the samples are that they are talking about. Next you would need to know how much Vinegar you need to put in each container. you could also need to how long you should rinse each sample.
25	1	3	3	We would word correct safety measures to take,the control,the effect of vinegar,what temperature to store them at,what the identical containers are made of and its size,what type of scale to use to meas it,the amount of vinegar in each container,i more trials
29	1	3	3	Some additional information needed would be where the containers are to sit. Such as in the sun or in the refrigerator. How much vinegar are we putting into containers and what kind of containers are using?
32	1	3	3	To replicate this experiment, you would need to know the volume of the vinegar in the cup, the temperature of the surroundings, and the exact acidity of the vinegar on the ph scale.
43	1	3	3	The procedure is missing a few initial details about the experiment. There should be a control of how much vinegar is placed into each cup and the percentage of the vinegar should also be same to each cup. The group should explain more on how the samples will be washed since if they washed them in a jer a sink pieces could chip off, decreasing the mass. The group also needs to be more specific on the containers being used: whether they have atop and if they all are the same color and size.
53	1	3	3	To tell the amount vinger you pour into the container, the size of the container, Ho long you rinse the sample off with distilled water. How many times you repeat each sample to get down to a writer mass.
59	1	3	3	How much vinegar you pour into the cups. What kind of vinegar you use.What kind of containers you should use.
99	1	3	3	In order to replicate the experiment you would need to know how big of a container to use (what it should be able to hold), how much vinegar to pour into each container ( how many ml ), what type of vinegar, what to weigh the samples on (bathroom scale or type of beam balance, maybe electronic?).
