Id	EssaySet	essay_score	essay_score	EssayText
0	2	3	3	Concluding from the students data that plastic type B was the stretchiest, while type A is the least stretchy. Two ways that the students could have improved their experiment is to have described how much height to use. Another way that they could have gotten more valid results is clarify how much plastic to use, hanging of the table.
1	2	3	3	a.One conclusion I can draw is that plastic B stretched the most than there was plastic D, the next plastic C and finally plastic A. b. They could have used more trials. Two trials is not enough to have a valid experiment. Next they could have said how long each plastic had to be. If there is more or less on one plastic then there could be more polymers making the experiment invalid.
2	2	3	3	a) A conclusion about this data is that plastic type A+B stretched longer the second trial and that type C stretched longer the first and D stayed the same. You can also conclude that plastic B has greatest stretchability. B) Two ways [the students could have improved the experimental are sign is that they could have done more trials to increase validity. They also could have used the same length of different plastics each time.
3	2	3	3	a. Plastic type B is proven to be the most strehable material because it has stricthed to the greatest length which was 22mm and 23 mm. b. 2 ways to improve the experiment is there should be 2 trials and the size of each material before being stretched should be held constant.
7	2	3	3	"""(a) Plastic type """"B"""" is made of the stretchiest material. (b) It does not say how many or how heavy the weights added are causing the results to be innacurate. Also, the length is not the same for any trials or type of plastic."""
10	2	3	3	Plastic type B is the most stretchable plastic out of the 4 reaching 22-23mm. to improve this expierment the person doing the lab needs to know the weight of the weights along with the clamp that is serving as another weight.
12	2	3	3	a. Based on the student's result, it can be concluded that plastic B is the most stretchable because it stretched an average of 22.5 mm in 5 minutes. Plastic A is the least stretchable because it stretched only 11 mm in 5 minutes on average. ^p b. 1. The student should have specified the amount of weight added to the clamp and possibly performed more trials at different weights. 2. The student should have performed a third trial to obtain more consistent and dependable results.
13	2	3	3	The conclustion of this lab according to the students, data type B of the plastic is the weakest and type A of the plastic is the strongest. For the plastic C and D, they are inbetween and C is close to A. The student could have improved the experiment by; saying the measurement of the plastic and how much mass the was on earth peice of plastic. Another way to improve the experiment is making sure the temperature is kept constant and that no one touches the plastic.
14	2	3	3	The experiment was very precise and contained multiple trials that proved to be similar to the previous one. Plastic type B appears to have stretched the farthest but it is impossible to tell seeing there are no starting lengths. The plastics as well as the weights should have been the exact same size.
16	2	3	3	a. Based on the data on the table, I can conclude that plastic B was the stretchiest followed by plastic D, C, then A. His results also seem precise because he did two trials and they were totally close to each other every time.  ^p b.  In the procedure, the student should have made each plastic sample the same size keeping it a constant variable. They also should explained how much weight to put on the clamps as it was omitted in the procedure.
17	2	3	3	a) Plastic type B is the stretchiest plastic. In T1 it  Stretched 22 mm, and in T2 it stretched 23mm. The least stretched plastic was type A. In T1, A stretched 10mm and in T2 it stretched 12mm. Type D was second stretchiest and type C was behind D. ^p b) Two ways the student could have improved the experimental design/validity of the experiment is having a specific size of the original piece of plastic to stretch, and having a specific weight of the weight stretching the plastic. Constant keep the results of experiment valid.
21	2	3	3	a) My conclusion is that plastic B was the most stretchable plastic. It stretched out between 22-23 mm in the two trials. ^p b) The student could have stated how many weights he/she added. He/she also could have recorded the original lengths of each of the plastics he/she was measuring.
22	2	3	3	"""A0 I conclude that plastic type """"B"""" has the highest amount of stretchability. Plastic B is able to stretch from 22 to 23mm. I can also conclude plastic """"A"""" has the lowest stretchability at 10 to 12mm. ^p B) One way to make the investigation more valid is by having the length of each type of plastic be the same. Also the students need to make sure the plastic was taped the same way with the same tape. The students also need to use the same table for all four plastics."""
24	2	3	3	Based on the students data I can conclude that plastic B stretches the most out of all the plastics. ^p b.) two ways the students could have improved this experiment is by being specific about the length of each piece of plastic. Another way they could have improved the experiment is by repeating the experiment.
26	2	3	3	(A) I think that the plastic type A was the strongest because it stretched down the least. Plastic type B was least strongest because it went down the most. ^p (B) The student could included more trials to add validity. The student could have also included how much weight was being added to the plastic.
29	2	3	3	The student can conclude that polymer plastic B is the most strechability because it has the longest length in both trials.Two ways this experiment could  have been better is by saying how much weight to add to each plastic polymer and second by repeting the experiment more than twice.
38	2	3	3	A)In conclusion, plastic type B has stretched the most probably not the most dependable material. The best plastic type would be A. Plastic type A can withstand the most support of weight in the bag so you don't have to worry about it ripping. ^p B) These students should have conducted a third trial. It would have made for finding a better average of stretching on the plastic type. Also explain how much weight was stretching these plastic bags.
44	2	3	3	Plastic type B has the most stretchability. One way that this could have improved is if the students did another trial to make sure that their experiment was valid. Another thing the students want to do is make sure they have the same size of plastic to start with.
59	2	3	3	a) Based on the students data plastic type B stretched the most. On the first trial plastic type B stretched 22mm while plastic C only stretched 14mm. On the second trial plastic B stretched 23mm and the next closes was plastic type D which stretched 20mm. ^P b) Two ways the students could have improved the experiment is to do more trials and when the students are starting the experiment tell me how long the plastic is before you start to stretch it.
