Id	EssaySet	essay_score	essay_score	EssayText
0	9	3	3	The author organizes the article by catching your attention with shocking statements made in the introduction.  After that, the author explains three different problems that space junk creates.  At the end the author summarizes the article with a conclusion.
1	9	3	3	The author organizes the article by first letting the readers know what space junk was. How Space junk is formed and what happens to the debris in space.
2	9	3	3	The author organizes the article by breaking it up into sections. First he has the introduction part of the article. This introduces what his paper will be about. Then he has a subtitle that says 'What Is Space Junk?' This section defines what his main idea is about and gives the reader a better understanding about his topic. Then, he has 'Crash Course' giving examples of previous times there has been crashes in space. Finally he closes his article with 'Little Bits, But a Big Deal', emphasizing the effects of space junk and informing the readers that this is a serious issue not to be taken lightly.
3	9	3	3	The author organizes this article by giving us some information about space junk.  What is Space Junk?  Then the author gives some information about how dangerous space junk can be. Crash Course.  Finally, the author gives us information about it dosen't matter what the size is, it's the speed that does the damage.  Little Bits, But a Big Deal.
4	9	3	3	The author gives us a clear introduction at the biginning followed by the head lining 'What Is Space Junk'. The author also continues to use headings to demonstrate diferent parts of the article.
5	9	3	3	The author organizes his/her writing into different sections based on the importance of the issue. The most common known issue with apce is the space trash and to show this, the author placed all his information about 'space junk' into the first subtitle. Then for all the information about satellites crashing and the small size of the space debris got placed into their own sub categories.
6	9	3	3	The author breaks the article up into smaller sections.  By doing this I believe it makes the article more effective and easier to read.  It starts out by giving an introduction as to what the main idea of the article is going to be about and then goes farther into details.  In the details it gives us actual examples of the 'space junk' crashing into one another and making hundreds of microsatellites flying through space.  Then it gives us an example of how we my think a little tool box is no big deal, but then it explains how it really is a big deal.  Then it concludes by trying to make us think of ways that space junk could be cleaned up in the future.  I believe by organizing it this way it leads to a more effective and more interesting article.
7	9	3	3	First he talks and informs us about the general idea of Space Junk. 'What is Space Junk' is where he basically tells us just a general idea about it. Then he tells us about 'Crash Course' That is about how large objects or satellites may crash into each other. 'Little bits, but a Big Deal' is informing us about those articles combined kind of. It talks about space debree, and how to solve the problem. It kind of wraps things up.
9	9	3	3	The author organizes the artical well. He puts things down by there importance, uses tone of voice, and organizes his thoughts well. From the section Orbiting junk, he uses excitment for his tone of vioce. In the section What is space junk, he gives facts about what happend and how dangerous debree in space can be.
10	9	3	3	The author organizes the articles by producing several different titles and layering supporting evidence with facts. The introduction uses humor to convey the topic. 'What is Space Junk' gives a background as to how the the objects have muddled their way into the atmosphere. 'Crash Course' gives a more in-depth look at exactly what objects have been found and what dangerous effects they can have. 'Little Bits, But a Big Deal' expands on the need for a solution to the increasing amount of damage that has occured. The author uses a structure of history, cause, effect, and solution to reveal information.
12	9	3	3	The author organizes the article in a way that answers the readers questions as one would have them by putting everything under titled paragraphs. The author first gives the reader background information on the problem.  Telling one what the problem is, and how it came to be a problem in 'What IS Space Junk?'.  The author of the article then told the reader about the dangers of space junk and how they affect all things in space in 'Crash Couse'.  Finally in 'Little Bits, But a Big Deal' the author tells of more problems that space trash causes and tells one how the problem is increasing and how it is trying to be stopped, 'Space agencies hope that the corporations and nations involved can work together to come up with a viable solution to space pollution.'  This makes for a well rounded article.
13	9	3	3	The aurthor organize that article by putting different information in its own subject so that the reader can understand and lean about one thing at at time. By putting the articles in there owns subject like 'What Is Space Junk?. The reader can only read about what space junk is, and not have to read about crash cousre, cause thats in the next reading.
14	9	3	3	The author organizes the article in sections based on the information found under each heading. The author starts with the simple question 'What Is Space Junk?' to make sure the readers know what the rest of the article will be about. The next two sections are about how Space Junk is made and what it can cause. The order of the information makes sense in the human mind. First, tell us what it is, second, tell us how it is made, and third, tell us what it can do.
15	9	3	3	The author organizes the article by breaking bits of information down into it's own section. The first section, titled 'What Is Space Junk,' gives you a description of what the junk is and how all of it got there. The second section, 'Crash Course,' informs the reader that the free orbiting satellites are a hazard to earth because the satellites run a risk of colliding with one another. In the last section, 'Little Bits, But a Big Deal,' informs the reader that it does not matter how big the pieces of debris are. The section indicates that small fragments traveling at five miles per second can cause serious damage to the most carefully designed aircraft. The author broke down the information and made it easier for the reader to find specific information that they are looking for.
16	9	3	3	The author starts off with a piece of space junk in the air. Then he explains space elxploration, then talks about satellites and finally explains the danger of space junk.
21	9	3	3	by  telling you what space junk is. Then telling you wat makes the space junk. THen going on to say how big of a deal the 'junk' is.
22	9	3	3	The author divided this article into sections. The begining of the article is just an introduction that is suppose to grab the reader's attention and help them to become intrested. The next section 'What is Space Junk?' is the foundation of the rest of the article. It is included to help explain in a simple form what is space junk, why it is floating, and how it was placed up there.        The next section 'Crash Course' is includede to explain how the objects could possible be dangerous and to tell what has happened in the past that has proved them to be a negative and danger. 'Little Bits, But a Big Deal' is to explain how little objects can actually have a very large impact on the satellites. It significanfies how it doesn;t matter what size the object is, it still creates a large problem.     The author probably wrote this article this way because he wanted to but it into the sinplest form and explain all parts of the question.
23	9	3	3	In the introduction, the author grabs the reader by making surprising statements. He then however changes to a more serios tone to let the reader know that space junk is a significant matter. He explains 'what is space junk' by reviewing the history of satellite orbitals and explaining how pieces of satellites have broken off and gone into orbitals. He then explains how satellites crash and how debris is broken off. Finally, he explains the importance of space trash and finding a solution to the problem.
26	9	3	3	At first the author draws you in with the cliche Superman knock-off line, but then gets more serious through out the entire article. He does an introduction, a brief history of space exploration and what Space Junk is, tells how dead or disabled satellites can crash into each other, and then ends with hope saying coporations are trying to come up with a viable solution to space pollution.
27	9	3	3	The author organizes the article by breaking it down into sections and talking about different things in those sections, like What is Space Junk? and Crash Course.
28	9	3	3	The author organizes the article by first starting with an introduction that catches the readers' eye. The introduction also contains the thesis statement 'Orbital pathways around our planet that were once clear are now cluttered with the remains of numerous space exploration and satalite missions.' Next, the author describes what space junk is, and how it was created. After that, in the section titled 'Crash Course', the risks of colliding satellites are hilighted. Finally, in the last section, the author talks about possible solutions and the persisting problem of space junk.
29	9	3	3	The author has organized this article first by splitting the article into four sections. The first section explains the main purpose of the aticle. The second section explains how all of this space 'junk' has gotten there. The third section explains how all of this debris has gotten into space. The final section explains the dangers of the space debris and how the space agencies are trying to solve the probelm, and prevent damage from space debris.
30	9	3	3	He starts out by telling the concern of space junk, then moving on to what space junk is and what it's about. The author explains the dangers of space junk using examples and things that have actually happened to make the reader believe it. I understand the need to be concerned about this space junk, because it could cause a lot of problems with the Earth, astronauts, and space crafts.
32	9	3	3	The author organizes in a good way, by using sections. the sections help us understand more about the space junk in space. One section tells about the space junk and what it exactly is. Another tells us about some satellites craching into others and making more space junk. Each section tells us more and more about this arising problem in space.
36	9	3	3	He splits the article up into five sections: introduction, what is space junk?, crash course, little bits but a big deal and a conclusion.     In his introduction he starts off with some surprising statements such as in lines 1and 2. In sections within the body he turns his tone into a more serious one. He does this to emphasize the seriousness of space junk. Then, in the conclusion he wraps it up by saying he is sure this problem will continue especially with an increace in commercial space travel.
40	9	3	3	The auther breaks up the article into subtopics.such as 'What is space junk?' and 'Crash Course'.
47	9	3	3	The author organizes the article by having a introduction as being a attention getter. The the author broke the article down into sections. For example in the heading 'Crash Course' it talks about the history of satellites that have collided in the past.
51	9	3	3	The author organize's the article with different titles to represent what they are talking about. What is Space Junk?, Crash Course, ect.
55	9	3	3	The author organizes the artice by putting the information into three different sections. Each section gives information about what happens. The 'What is Space Junk?' section explains how space capsules, satellites, and teloscopes explore space. This section also explains how sometimes they can collide and go into uncontrolled orbit aroung the Earth. The 'Crash Course' section explains how the dead satellites orbit around the Earth and great speed and then crash into each other causing pieces from them to break off and sometimes go into Earth. The 'Little Bits, But a Big Deal' section explains how something no smaller than the size of a baseball can not be indentified on a radar, which makes it harder to a spacecraft to avoid those objects.
64	9	3	3	The author organizes this article by first using an interesting interduction to hook the audience, then they broke the remaining paragraphs into catagories in order to make the article easier to follow and understand. The catagories the author used were 'What is Space Junk?', 'Crash Cource', and 'Little Bits, But a Big Deal'.
66	9	3	3	He seperated it into three diffrent sections so you knew what you were reading about. What is space junk?, Crash course., and Little bits, but a big deal.
73	9	3	3	The author organizes the article by dividing the entire article into certain sections. Some of the sections included: 'What Is Space Junk', 'Crash Course', and 'Little Bits, But a Big Deal.' In 'What Is Space Junk', it described what space junk actually is. Its says that some of the disabled objects become a piece of high-tech junk, and it cirlces the globe in uncontrolled orbit. In the next section, 'Crash Course', it talks about a time when two communications satellites crashed into each other 491 miles above the Earth. In the last section, 'Little Bits, But a Big Deal', it talks about how tiny fragments traveling at a speed of five miles per second can inflict serious damage on the most carefully designed spacecrafts. It also states that the amount of space trash is actually increasing because commerical space travel is on the rise and more nations have undertaken space exploration.
80	9	3	3	The author organizes the article by identifying what exactly it is we are talking about, then by saying where it comes from, finally the author ends with how it does this. In 'What Is Space Junk', the author tells us what space junk is. Space junk is pieces of debris from various space crafts and such. In 'Crash Course', the author states that these debris come from dead satellites that run into each other. Finally, in 'Little Bits, But a Big Deal', The auther explains how these debris can be very dangerous. These debris when traveling at five miles per second can cause serious damage to elite spacecrafts.
160	9	3	3	The author organizes the article with main points about space junk. With the first main point, he asks, 'What is Space Junk?' to explain the main detail that the artical is about. Next he explains how space junk is made, and last he makes a conclusion about why space junk is a big deal.
168	9	3	3	The author organizes ideas by grouping and titling paragraphs. The paragraph titled 'What is Space Junk?', consists of information about what 'Space Junk' actually is. The author also lists details of conflicts with satellites, and crashes that have occured in the past.
240	9	3	3	The author organizes this article in a text book form.  With sections having titles, What is sapce junk, and then having information under the section titles. It has facts backing up they're statements.
